# KAYAKO Description


•	One page per package choice. Following on from the two previous ideas about sleekness and minimising choice to focus decisions, I pointed out that the current approach to online booking looks like this: http://www.kayak.co.uk/. It's ugly, it's a barrier to quick testing (i.e. "This looks interesting. I wonder how it works...") and feels like filling in a form.
My proposed solution? One page to choose what to see (e.g. I type 'Augie March' into the search engine). Another page to decide where (e.g. They're playing at The Flaming Galah in Brisbane on the 3rd, the Paul Hogan Auditorium in Sydney on the 6th, etc). And so on.

It benefits users as they're presented with clean interfaces with clear functions. And this obviously benefits TrueFantix because it helps conversions. 

HOWEVER, it also allows the site to post targeted ads on each page. e.g. The person who searches for Augie March sees ads for Architecture in Helsinki and Animal Collective, as well as for Triple J and t-shirts with ironic texts. The person who searches for The Veronicas sees ads for Bananas in Pyjamas, etc. This means cross selling of TrueFantix 'products' or simply the ability to generate more money from PPC affiliate ads.
•	Homepage/Start-page idea. The header and first search box-contain section of http://support.fiftythree.com/ . The idea is that the user searches for the name of the event he/she wants to see, be it the band/artist name, the name of the sports team that are playing a match or the theatrical show/play. The background visual should be something related to the experience of being at the event -- e.g. a crowd shot focused on a few happy faces rather than a showing a sweaty mass. And maybe it can even be animated like the background of the new MySpace.
•	Location page idea. Looky here: http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/187xgwj0u8027png/original.png . Where 'Songs', 'Artists' and 'Albums' are listed here is where the locations could be listed, alongside the date of the event, the venue title and a venue photo. Where 'Mixes' are listed could be a list of related search results (e.g. "Did you mean 'Jay-Z', 'Jay Electronica', 'Jay Reatard'...").The text from the previous search is quite large and can be edited/re-entered if the results are irrelevant (although this is more a development than a design function).
•	Touch over type. Whenever possible, present the user with something that needs to be clicked rather than typed. Not only to escape the design horror of the competitor sites and not only for ease of computer user use, but also for the benefit of mobile device users. I'm assuming either you or Kirk have mentioned responsive design, so this idea is basically an obvious follow-on from that.